what
I actually took advantage of the drunkenness to give Yannanhang to Huohuo
Ah!
Sorry.
I drank too much last night I know
You don't have to feel the psychological burden.
I'm fine.
Well, even though I'm a traditional person
But I don't want to force you
It's okay, I'll be responsible for you.
Then we now
What's the relationship?
object
But
In my family tradition
Love without the purpose of marriage
All hooligans
NANA
or
Let's get a license to get married
As long as you are married
Everything I have is yours
Get the certificate?
Didn't you say you were responsible for me?
It won't be a fight.
It doesn't matter.
If you don't want to
I listen to you
Get the certificate, as long as you want
We will receive
Really?
Wife, you are so kind
Then let's go first
Wait, how did you become a wife?
warm
Wait for me.
I'll take you away first
Find you again
Congratulations to the host for successfully completing the task
Task rating
What task did you do?
Why am I crying?
Due to the protective mechanism
We'll still clear your first task.
90% of the world's memory
Who is that guy?
Host, we are about to start the second mission.
Wow, I'm not a superstar, am I?
No no no the original host this time
Was abandoned by the villain
A stuntman who suffered humiliation and died young
This is so useless